.TH sceplist 1 "02/24/02" "OpenSCEP"
.SH NAME
sceplist \- display SCEP requests of a given status
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sceplists 
[
.I options
]
[
.I from
[
.I to
]
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Sceplist
displays lists of SCEP requests of a given status either as
plain text or as HTML. Sorting can be performed on various attributes
of a request, and it is possible to only display a range of requests
based on the same key.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-d 
increase the debug level by one.
.TP
.BI \-h
display the results of the query in HTML format instead of plain text.
.TP
.BI \-c
display date strings in the usual
BR ctime (3)
format instead of the ASN1 time string.

.SH REQUEST STATUS
Requests of differnt status are lists depending on the following options:
.TP
.B \-p
displays pending requests. This is the default, and the
.B \-p
flag can be omitted.
.TP
.B \-g
lists granted requests, not including certificates that have been
revoked in the mean time.
.TP
.B \-r
lists rejected requests, i.e. requests the were sent in by clients, but
lated denied a certificate by the CA operator.
.TP
.B \-v
lists revoked requests.

.SH SORTING
.B Sceplist
is capable of sorting on various attributes of requests and certificates,
based on the following options

.TP
.B \-t
use the transaction id as the sort key.
.TP
.B \-n
use the subject distinguished named as the sort key.
.TP
.B \-b
use the end validity time of the certificate as sort key
(only for certificates and revoked certificates).
.TP
.B \-a
use the beginning of validity of the certificate as sort key
(only for certificates and revoked certificates).
.TP
.B \-s
use the certificate serial number as sort key
(only for certificates and revoked certificates).
.TP
.B \-x
reverse the order of the sort.

The optional arguments can indicate a range of requests. The selection
key is the same as the sort key.

.SH VERSION
This page documents
.B sceplist
as it appears in version 0.4.1 of OpenSCEP.

.SH BUGS
The list of revoked certificates does currently not list the revocation
date of a revoked certificate. It isn't possible to sort on the revocation
date either

Selection of a range based on serial number has not been implemented yet.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR scepgrant (8),
.BR scepreject (8),
.BR openscep.cnf (5)

.SH AUTHOR
Andreas F. Mueller <andreas.mueller@othello.ch>

