.TH scepd 8 "02/24/02" "OpenSCEP"
.SH NAME
scepd \- handle SCEP request
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scepd
[
.B \-d
]
[
.BI \-f configfile
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Scepd
is usually called from a CGI script and is designed to read a base64
encoded SCEP request from standard input.
It will analyze the request and store it in the pending directory of
the OpenSCEP CA directory hierarchy.
If automatic enrollment is enabled, the challenge password of the
request will be checked against the LDAP directory and automatically
granted if the password matches. Otherwise the request is left in
the pending queue until the CA operator uses the
.B scepgrant
script to create the certificate, or the
.B scepreject
script to deny the certificate.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-d 
increase the debug level by one.
.TP
.BI \-f configfile
use the alternate configuration file 
.I configfile
in place of the default 
.IR /usr/local/openscep/openscep.cnf .

.SH FILES
By default, 
.B scepd
takes
.I /usr/local/openscep/openscep.cnf
as configuration file. If debugging is enabled, and the directory
.I /var/tmp/openscep
exists, requests and the various stages of enveloped and signed data
are written to files in that directory. Using 
.BR derdump (1),
the parts can be individually analyzed, which can be helpful when
debugging SCEP problems.

.SH VERSION
This page documents
.B scepd
as it appears in version 0.4.1 of OpenSCEP.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR scepgrant (8),
.BR scepreject (8),
.BR openscep.cnf (5)

.SH AUTHOR
Andreas F. Mueller <andreas.mueller@othello.ch>

